---
layout: post
title: "Contact Us"
description: "Contact and recruitment information"
contact: true
category: misc
tags: []
---

{% include JB/setup %}

<a class="anchor" id="contact"></a>

<div class="bigtitle text-center">Contact Us</div>
<div class="bigspacer"></div>

### Email

[SMOOTH LAB@SMU.edu](wanggaofeng@smu.edu.cn)

### Phone

13242749806

<hr/>

<a class="anchor" id="join"></a>

<div class="bigtitle text-center">Join the Team</div>
<div class="bigspacer"></div>

# Project Leader Profile

**Wang Gaofeng**, professor and doctoral supervisor of plastic surgery at Southern Hospital, young Changjiang Scholar, and distinguished young expert of Guangdong Province. He conducted research in dermatology at Johns Hopkins University School of Medicine for 4 years, carrying out multiple basic research studies and clinical trials focusing on skin microbiome. Currently, he leads several large-scale multicenter clinical cohort studies. His research team is equipped with comprehensive facilities and technologies for microbiome studies and has adequate funding, having hosted several major national natural science projects. His research outcomes have been published as the last corresponding author in journals such as Cell Host & Microbe (2024), Med (2025), J Allergy Clinical Immunol (2024), Allergy (2025), Small (2024), Acta Pharma Sinica (2024), and Acta biomaterialia (2024). He has also published as the first author in Cell Host & Microbe (2021), Science Advances (2022), JAMA Dermatology (2020), Allergy (2023), and J Invest Dermatol (2018, 2023). He has long-term collaborations with top research groups on skin microbiome and regeneration, including Yasmine Belkaid from the National Academy of Sciences, Nobel laureate Gregg Semenza, Luis Garza from Johns Hopkins School of Medicine, and Elizabeth Grice from the Perelman School of Medicine at the University of Pennsylvania.

# Research field

The team currently includes multiple research directions such as skin microbiome and skin regeneration, barrier repair, wound healing, skin diseases, skin flexible materials, and skin microbiome big data. We have established several large clinical cohorts, possessing tens of thousands of clinical raw data with nearly 600 TB of data. We have four servers and several senior bioinformatics professionals, as well as a full set of microbiome research equipment and technologies. There are currently several major projects ongoing. Since the team's establishment three years ago, our members, as first authors, have published numerous papers in top-tier journals and sub-journals. We especially welcome members with a background in big data analysis and microbiome research to join us. The Plastic Surgery Department of Southern Hospital has consistently ranked 2nd to 3rd in the Fudan University ranking of plastic surgery specialties, is a National Clinical Key Specialty and Key (Cultivated) Discipline, and has won several awards, including the Second Prize of National Scientific and Technological Progress and the First Prize of Guangdong Scientific and Technological Progress. Last year, we began operating an 8,000-square-meter new facility for plastic surgery, with steadily increasing patient numbers and clinical trial projects.

## to be more specific：

**Multi-omics big data research in skin microbiome;**
**Skin microbiota and barrier repair as well as skin regeneration research;**
**Skin microbiota and inflammatory immune response and wound research;**
**Skin microbiota and hair loss, follicle regeneration, and skin disease research.**
The field of skin microbiome has vast employment and entrepreneurial prospects in today's society, with a rapidly growing market scale and numerous listed companies emerging. We sincerely invite ambitious individuals to join our team. Here, you will receive systematic training in skin microbiome research and access to top-tier international resources in skin microbiome research. Our team is a group of very active, hardworking, young, and friendly researchers with a great atmosphere. We will assist you in completing large-scale research projects, aiming for CNS-level journals, and fully support your applications for research grants like the National Natural Science Foundation of China. Let us work together to achieve outstanding scientific contributions in the field of skin microbiome!
# Recruit Talents

## We are seeking to recruit 3 postdoctoral researchers with a strong background in scientific research.

**Candidates with a background in microbiology, bioinformatics, deep learning, large language models, biostatistics, or interdisciplinary research will be given priority.**
Applicants who have obtained or are nearing completion of a Ph.D. in biology, bioinformatics, statistics, medicine, or a related field.
Priority will be given to candidates who have published academic papers in SCI journals (Category I or II) as the first author.
They should have a strong passion for research, excellent academic ethics, and a rigorous scientific approach.

<!-- Interested students should review the [application instructions](/assets/files/applications/nbclab-app-instructions-2024.pdf) and then [submit an application](https://tally.so/r/wMz9Wp). Please review the above lab materials before applying to ensure that our lab’s work aligns with your research interests. **We recommend that you provide as much detail as possible in your application about you and your interests, referencing our current projects when possible, and use as much space as you need.** We receive many applications each semester and any additional information can be helpful to us in evaluating your application to determine the best fit for you on our projects.-->

<hr/>

<a class="anchor" id="participate"></a>

<div class="bigtitle text-center">Participate in a Study</div>
<div class="bigspacer"></div>

We are seeking to recruit 3 postdoctoral researchers with a strong background in scientific research.

Candidates with a background in microbiology, bioinformatics, deep learning, large language models, biostatistics, or interdisciplinary research will be given priority.
Applicants who have obtained or are nearing completion of a Ph.D. in biology, bioinformatics, statistics, medicine, or a related field.
Priority will be given to candidates who have published academic papers in SCI journals (Category I or II) as the first author.
They should have a strong passion for research, excellent academic ethics, and a rigorous scientific approach.
